[Pyamqp] Pyampq debug build Linkedin (#25296)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 5.8.0b5 (2022-07-19)

Reviewer: a5? also in _version.py

### Bugs Fixed

> - Bug fixes that would prevent token refresh at regular intervals
> - Pass in the proper kwarg, so that debug levels will be output when requested

Reviewer: for conformity with rest of changelog, maybe rewording like this?
```suggestion
- Fixed bug that prevented token refresh at regular intervals.
- Fixed bug that was improperly passing the debug keyword argument, so that network trace debug logs are output when requested.
```
for second bullet, I think this was the network_trace kwarg, right?

Author: right it was the network_trace

### Other Changes

> - Specific logging added in to track error scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added logging to track error scenarios.
```
+ for our future selves, maybe more details on which error scenarios?
